So just about every command out there will have like a '-h' flag or '--help' option.
So even if you've never used a command before, you can figure out how to use it.
So in the last assignment, I had to go explore a bunch of commands that were in this /usr/bin folder.
And based on the names, could you guess what any of them would do?
This is a good way to start learning what's out there.
And since you know now that most commands have a built in help option, you can try running it even
if you've never used the command or have no idea what it is.
So let's try this out on a few commands.
Let's try 'ls
--help'.
Well there wasn't a help option, actually, for this.
See, it said an illegal option?  But it did show you a little usage line for the command.
So all these things that are in between the brackets are optional and even the file path is optional
because by default it will just list what's in the file or in the folder that you're in.
So let's try this on another one.
Touch, the touch command.
Let's try a '-h' there.
So that one it didn't complain that it wasn't a bad option, but it also showed us a little line here.
So based on this, you can see that all these things in brackets are optional, but then it needs a
file.
So how are you supposed to know what all those these different modifiers are or even what the command
does?
The help the sort of usage line doesn't really tell you that.
So if you've never used the touch command before, you need some more--
another way to get information on it.
So this is where man pages come in.
Man here is short for manual--manual page.
So if you type 'man touch'.
[sensual music] maaaan toooouch
This will open up a detailed manual page on how to use it.
So here it's telling you what each flag does and, you know, different options you can pass to it.
And then these are all--you see
it's pretty--pretty detailed.
And you can just press "q" here to exit.
So knowing all these tricks, you can usually find a command, figure out how to use it, and then implemented
in your script.
So this is actually a large part of shell scripting is just adding to the knowledge of commands that
you know and commands at your disposal and how to use them.